# AI Experience for Team 4

### Shuyi Wan (Copilot, Codeium):

- Tools: I am using GitHub Copilot and Codeium in VS code extension to help my React development.
- How helpful: Both two AI plugins could generate reference code about implementing a specific component. For example, there are lots of React built-in components and the AI will generate examples so I don’t need to check manual or stack overflow. Also, they can generate tests based on specific pieces of code. They helped save lots of time on searching, and the code AI gave is more targeted compared with traditional searching. They also generate comments to help me understand their code.
- Steps needed to ensure: Though AI could give examples, they could not satisfy hundred percent of my needs. Typically I refer to several answers generated by AI and integrate them to write my code. Also, when I develop the frontend, I need to run my app to test if the given code is usable. When writing tests, AI has worse performance, I only refer to basic logic. The code may be outdated. And I spent more time on debugging.


### Kevin Nguyen (Codeium):

- Okay for auto-generating snippets that require googling
    - Auto generation can be slow.
- Good for duplicating code you’ve previously written; fails otherwise
- Documentation and refactoring isn’t that good; bad coding style


### Yicong Yan (Copilot):

- Outcome: Can generate code for different components and tests in a few minutes
- Reflections: It saves a lot of time, but sometimes the code is buggy or outdated. To ensure the code is correct, you have to read the documentation and fully test it on your local machine.


### Ivan Hernandez (Chatgpt, v0.dev):

- For this AI coding experience, I used **ChatGPT**
    - I utilized ChatGPT primarily to go over my code and get clarification on why my code was not working, or to better understand specific parts of the program.

- **v0.dev**
    - I used v0.dev to start creating some ideas on how our web application login info could look like. We have already implemented a web application login page, however, there are other functions we can implement to make this program look better.



### Leo Guo (v0.dev, Chatgpt):

- Tools:Vercel, v0.dev, chatgpt, github copilot
- Outcome: I used v0.dev for modern UI design idea and I used chatgpt to modify/correct my css codes following my code style. Meanwhile, I let them teach me some frontend/backend implementation. Some codes might be incorrect or have some bugs. I have to manually correct them. But overall saves my time and improves efficiency.



### Mariana Rosillo (chatGPT, Vercel v0):

- Tools:
    - ChatGPT
    - Vercel V0.dev

- Outcome:
    - I used ChatGPT to help me create an API that would store information about selected courses to make the shopping cart work. It gave me some clarification on how it works so that I could implement that in our project.
    - Similarly, I am currently using ChatGPT to see how we could implement AI for course recommendations based on selected courses.
    - I used Vercel V0.dev to get an idea of how to develop the UX/UI design for the front end of our web application.

- Reflections:
    - I found ChatGPT to be helpful when it comes to explaining how things work. In terms of taking its code, sometimes it does not fully work so I need to go and get an idea of how I can debug it – which can be difficult since I did not write the code. Thus, I found it helpful to use it as a model to write my code.
    - For Vercel V0.dev, I found it amazing how this can be implemented. I like how this lets you see the visual implementations and also gives you access to the code – which is very helpful in understanding what is going on.


### Claire Pemberton (Vercel v0, ChatGPT, Adobe Cloud- Firefly):
- Tools:
    - Vercel V0.dev
    - Chat GPT
    - Adobe Cloud → Firefly
- Outcome:
    - I used Vercel V0 to help me make layouts for the home page, course cart, and about page. I was able to upload the design Leo did to get similar styling for the pages and learned a lot about how I can integrate the generated React components into our project. I'll work with the frontend team to make sure we properly integrate the designs. 
    - I used ChatGPT to explain how to properly integrate the code provided by Vercel. I also looked into how we can implement AI for the course recommendations feature of our web app
    - I’ve been experimenting with Adobe Cloud, specifically Firefly, to design components that can be used on our pages
- Reflections:
    - Vercel V0 is so awesome, I was able to make really professional looking pages with Leo’s initial design, and I learned a lot about React components.
    - Chat GPT was helpful to explain how to integrate these components and provided me with a step by step walk through of our frontend code and how we can use components to enhance the overall feel and look of the website
    - Firefly is also super interesting, I was able to use the AI feature to generate component designs that would have taken me a few hours to hand-make. Very cool and I will definitely be using that feature in the future.


### Katz Yan (Codeium, GPT API):
- Tools:
    - Codeium
    - GPT API
- Outcomes:
    - I use Codeium to help me generate the test cases. Specifically, I gave it some requirements and asked it to fill out my function, and it did well. 
    - I also used Codeium to explain the function I wrote earlier, and the answer it provided is basically correct. 
    - GPT API can be used to take in a prompt and generate a response that fits in the required format.
- Reflections:
    - Codeium: It seems like Codeium can go through the codes I wrote earlier to generate test cases that are similar to my format and meet the requirements. It can help people to save time on simple and repetitive tasks. I have not tried it on more complicated tasks though. 
    - GPT API: We can use GPT API in the backend to do the course recommendation. The problem is that it is not free. Maybe there is a better way to recommend courses or learning topics to the users.
